# 🎉 Smash or Pass V3 🎉 

## Major Changes :rocket:

* **Image Fetching:** The bot can now automatically fetch images from Danbooru and Google :fire::fire::fire:
* **New Prompts:** Added 30 new prompts for smash or pass polls :nauseated_face: They're weird.
* **Survey Rework:** Totally reworked the survey questions presented after voting on a smash or pass poll. The surveys are now called love letters :love_letter: and can be claimed using the love_letter command.
* **Free Voting Buttons:** CRUSH, GUSH, and FLUSH buttons are now available to use freely. Flush those items down the toilet :toilet:
* **Command Changes:** Removed the buy, delete_character, and shop commands. Added the search_engine command to allow choosing which search engine to use for custom_smash polls.

## Premium Commands :gem:

Running this bot costs money :money_with_wings: so please support me on Patreon, and unlock these premium commands! 
* gallery :frame_photo:
* profile :bust_in_silhouette:
* scorecard :100:
* search_engine :mag_right:

[Subscribe Here!](https://www.patreon.com/smashorpass)

The core functionality of the bot will remain **free** for everyone to use :two_hearts:

## Minor Changes :tools:

* The /smash command now accurately displays users' server profile picture in the smash or pass poll instead of their user profile picture.
* Renamed several commands for clarity and ease of use.
* All smash or pass polls now include the CRUSH, GUSH, and FLUSH buttons.
* Improved the bot's UI by replacing messages with embeds.
* Better error handling.
